# Sierra Watson's Story

**Name**: Sierra [Watson](watsonfamily#the-watson-family)  
**Age**: 36  
**Species**: Human  
**Occupation**: [South Corvid](thecorvidaesyn#the-corvidae) [Rook](thecorvidaesyn#rooks)


Sierra grew up in the ecumenopolis [Black Garden](blackgarden#black-garden), in [District South 17](blackgarden#south-17) a mid-low class district controlled by the [Fractal](thefractalsyn#the-fractal). Sierra spent her life avoiding trouble with the surrounding factions and tried to keep to herself. When she was 19 she was working as a waitress at the same restaurant her mother worked in. She would usually work late up until the restaurant shut for the night and instead of heading straight home would take detours and explore the district. Between Fractal and The Jade Call the streets were relatively safe and the night life of the district was always lively so Sierra was not worried about anything happening to her during the night. 

Sierra enjoyed these nights out of the apartment, being away from the cramped space she shared with her family gave her the small feeling of freedom. One night, through the dense fog and heavy downpour Sierra witnessed something that would change her life. Fractal had kidnapped an important figure from another district and under the glow of neon killed them. Sierra watched and unfortunately Fractal noticed her before she could start running. They chased after her but before they could catch her the Jade Call interfered, blocking Fractal and letting Sierra escape. Within the same week while Sierra was at work three "customers" stopped her, one of the men had a tattoo bearing the symbol of the South Corvid. He told her Fractal had hired them to silence her, but out of kindness they wouldn't kill her, simply threaten her and her family. If she spoke of what she saw, her life would become hell.

Over the next couple days Sierra was paranoid, thinking someone was watching her at all times. Then Jade Call broke down the door to her families apartment. Everyone that was home was arrested on the spot and taken to a different sector which Jade Call had a prison in. She and her family was interrogated, while the rest of her family had no idea what they were talking about, Sierra stayed silent. Her family was sent home within the week but Sierra was kept in prison. They would interrogate her constantly, turning a blind eye when other prisoners hurt her and trying to break her. She never spoke a word in the three years she was held there. When they released her they didn't take her back to her district instead they simply threw her to the streets, but it was there that she saw the same three men from the restaurant. The man approached her, handed her a coat and offered a ride back home. During her ride home the man revealed he knew she didnt speak a word and South Corvid is happy with her silence, even if it was out of fear.

When Sierra was brought home, her family believed she was locked away because she had committed the crimes they were interogated about. They kicked her out, leaving her with nowhere to go. The men waited for Sierra outside her tower block and offered her another ride. She didn't care where they were taking her at this point. When she was brought into the South Corvid's luxury lounge the man offered her a job in the lounge and a small space to live above the lounge. For months she would work as a waitress in this lounge before being involved further with the syndicate. The other syndicates would frequently visit this lounge as it was considered a neutral zone. Sierra had to learn to enforce this neutrality as part of her job. Thankfully her few years in prison already gave her a headstart in fighting. As her ability to fight grew so did her reputation with South Corvid. Eventually being brought on to work directly with South Corvid as a member of their syndicate, where she would spend the next ~14 years rising the ranks.

During her time in the syndicate she joined the Rooks division. Being able to provide security and service in the lounge meant she was already a good fit for enforcement positions and she learnt to help command a battle and bring high morale to the syndicate. Eventually a job was offered to join a new colony, to grow the syndicates reaches further into the stars. Sierra not taking this as an opportunity to escape South Corvid, rather to thank them for taking her in while still being free took the job. She was proud to be part of the South Corvid and will forever be loyal to the Corvidae.